Add docs for BPM (#248)
cloudfoundry-incubator/cf-operator: docs/from_bosh_to_kube.md

## BPM

> The BPM's are converted into containers of `ExtendedStatefulSet's` and `ExtendedJob's` pods. Each `process` in the BPM is run in a single `container` of kubernetes pods. Following subsections will describe about the mapping of BPM configuration into containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a BOSH release some jobs have BPM configuration in `templates/bpm.yml.erb`. These BPM configs are converted into containers. For instance groups of the type `service` the containers are added to the `ExtendedStatefulSet`'s, for `errands` to the `ExtendedJob`'s pods.
Each `process` specified in the BPM configuration is run in a single Kubernetes `container` as part of a pod.

The following subsections describe the mapping of BPM configuration into containers.
```

### Entrypoint & Environment Variables

> 

Reviewer: These seem to be from https://bosh.io/docs/bpm/config/#process-schema

Author: Yes. I tried to map those to kube.

Bosh             | Kube Pod Container |
--------------- | ---- |
`executable`        | `command` |
`args`              | `args` |
`env`              | `env` |

### Resources

Bosh             | Kube Pod Container |
--------------- | ---- |
`workdir`             | `workingDir`. Not Supported. |
`hooks`               | `Not Supported` |
`capabilities`        | `container.SecurityContext.Capabilities`. Not yet supported.  |
`limits`              | `container.Resources.Limits`. Not yet supported. |
`ephermeral_disk`     | Not Supported. |
`persistent_disk`     | Supported. |
`additional_volumes`  | maps to `VolumeClaimTemplates` which creates Persistent Volume claims in kube cluster. Not yet supported. |
`unsafe`              | Unmapped to Kubernetes resources. Can be programmatically supported. Not yet supported. |

> ## Healthchecks

Reviewer: Couldn't find Healthcheck in BPM?

```suggestion
## Healthchecks

BPM doesn't provide information for health checks and relies on monit instead. CF-Operator provides health checks via the [BOSHContainerization](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-incubator/cf-operator/blob/2cab6516e8a3fc1f0c814554912449b88dee3101/pkg/bosh/manifest/containerization.go#L7-L13) property in the deployment manifest.
```

Author: Yes. As healthcheck is not part of BPM, It is not kept as a subsection under BPM. It is a separate section.
